Hello! It's been a while! 
I'm Kauzaki!
I have a flags of two countries on the left hand

Now, I would like to express my gratitude again.

First, to Dr.Sonia, our classroom teacher.
In your class, we mainly learned about well-being.
The first class which was about Equality and Equity was so interesting.
When I explain differences between Equality and Equity to someone , I will make them crump the paper into balls.
And also, it was so helpful when we had produced a play!
Because of you, we could played really well.
I appreciate all of things you did.

Next, to Dr.Aofie
Dia duit! Dr.Aofie!
It was the first time i met Irish person, so it was very fun to talk with you about Ireland.
Also, it was very fascinating about phygiology.
I will care about moutain sickness and　hypothermia when i clamb mountains.
and i will keep learning Irish!
Go raibh maith agat, Dr.Aofie！

Third, to Dr.Yousuke
The game we played in your first class was very enjoyable!
it was also interested that students became close 
though we normally wouldnt have got on when we play in a different rule
the class was very helpful to understand the class
which was about the patient who died because of doctor's mistake.
Besides i respect you that you have a brilliant british accent though you are a Japanese.
I will keep learning british English
I sincerely thank you for teaching and every other things.

Fourth, to Dr.Jason
Your class was so practical and exciting!
i will keep ABCDE, CPR and how to secure an airway in the back of my mind.
i hope to save royal famiies at Paddinton.
whats more, it was the just timing about トリアージ
cause, ive been wanted to learn トリアージ.
There is a lot of natural disaters, so i thought that i, japanese had to learn this.
I’m really indebted to you for giving me a lot of knowledge about how to save people and every other things.

Finally, to Dr.Matt
I am so sorry that i couldnt thank you on the last day of DHTM.
ive been interested Hematology.
it was lucky for me to get chace to learn Hematology.
and there were a lot of interesting new learning.
I had previous knowledge about A B O AB is conposed  of alley.
however i first learned that there are two other options + and -.
It was also gripping about immue system.
i want to deepen my understanding of Hematology.
im greatful for everything that you did.

DHTM will be a memorabale moment in my life.
I’m very much obliged to you all for giving us great learning experiences.
I hope our paths cross again in the future.